[DOC] Cruise Control documentation updates (#3107)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/cruise-control/con-optimization-goals.adoc

Optimization goals are constraints on workload redistribution and resource utilization across a Kafka cluster.
With a few exceptions, {ProductName} supports all the optimization goals developed in the Cruise Control project.

> These are as follows, in the default descending priority order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported goals, in the default descending order of priority, are as follows:
```

Optimization goals are subject to any xref:#capacity-configuration[_capacity limits_] on broker resources.

The following sections describe each goal configuration in more detail.

[#hard-soft-goals]
[discrete]
=== Hard goals and soft goals

Hard goals are goals that _must_ be satisfied in optimization proposals. 
Goals that are not configured as hard goals are known as _soft goals_. 
You can think of soft goals as _best effort_ goals: they do _not_ need to be satisfied in optimization proposals, but are included in optimization calculations.
An optimization proposal that violates one or more soft goals, but satisfies all hard goals, is valid.

Cruise Control will calculate optimization proposals that satisfy all the hard goals and as many soft goals as possible (in their priority order). 
An optimization proposal that does _not_ satisfy all the hard goals is rejected by Cruise Control and not sent to the user for approval.

NOTE: For example, you might have a soft goal to distribute a topic's replicas evenly across the cluster (the topic replica distribution goal). 
Cruise Control will ignore this goal if doing so enables all the configured hard goals to be met.

> In Cruise Control, six of the xref:#master-goals[master optimization goals] are preset as hard goals:

Reviewer 2: do we need to use a specific number here (six)? If something changes in the future with less or more hard goals I think we will totally forget to update this number. I am pretty sure :-) Maybe just using "some" ... or your call ;-)

Author: Will change to say "the following master optimization goals".

Also, there are five not six. D'oh!

[source]

> RackAwareGoal; ReplicaCapacityGoal; DiskCapacityGoal; NetworkInboundCapacityGoal; NetworkOutboundCapacityGoal

Reviewer: Any reason we don't use a bullet list?

[#master-goals]
[discrete]
=== Master optimization goals

The _master optimization goals_ are available to all users.
Goals that are not listed in the master optimization goals are not available for use in Cruise Control operations.

Unless you change the Cruise Control xref:proc-deploying-cruise-control-{context}[deployment configuration], {ProductName} will inherit the following master optimization goals from Cruise Control, in descending priority order:

[source]
RackAwareGoal; ReplicaCapacityGoal; DiskCapacityGoal; NetworkInboundCapacityGoal; NetworkOutboundCapacityGoal; ReplicaDistributionGoal; PotentialNwOutGoal; DiskUsageDistributionGoal; NetworkInboundUsageDistributionGoal; NetworkOutboundUsageDistributionGoal; TopicReplicaDistributionGoal; LeaderReplicaDistributionGoal; LeaderBytesInDistributionGoal; PreferredLeaderElectionGoal

> Six of these goals are preset as xref:#hard-soft-goals[hard goals].

Reviewer 2: Again a number here (Six) I would avoid that as I mentioned before
